outline files kubelet uses (#47425)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/node/_index.md

* [Node Labels Populated By The Kubelet](/docs/reference/node/node-labels)

> * [Files Written And Read By The kubelet](/docs/reference/node/kubelet-files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Local Files And Paths Used By The Kubelet](/docs/reference/node/kubelet-files)
```
